cython
google-cloud
h5py
ipywidgets
jupyter_contrib_nbextensions
keras
matplotlib
pandas
pandas-gbq
predictionio
sklearn
tensor2tensor
tensorflow
widgetsnbextension
certifi>=2023.7.22 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
flask>=2.2.5 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
gunicorn>=22.0.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
idna>=3.7 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
ipython>=8.10.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jinja2>=3.1.4 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jupyter-core>=4.11.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jupyter-server>=1.17.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
mistune>=2.0.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
nbconvert>=6.3.0b0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
numpy>=1.22.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pillow>=9.2.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
prompt-toolkit>=3.0.13 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
protobuf>=3.18.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pygments>=2.15.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
requests>=2.31.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
rsa>=4.7 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
scipy>=1.10.0rc1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
setuptools>=65.5.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
tornado>=6.4.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
tqdm>=4.66.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
werkzeug>=2.2.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
